README.md, before:

# Week 11 Challenge: Professional ReadMe Generator

## Project status
Finished project at 00:15am on Tue 5th Feb. NOTE TO GRADER: Could not push due to errors on the command line. I had my TA try and help and they couldn't work out the problem either. It had something to do with a large file size of the walkthrough video that I had initially added to the repo. After seeing the error for the first time, I removed the video and uploaded it to vimeo instead, but the file still seemed to want to be pushed. My TA suggested the only viable option at this point was to create a new repo and clone the content again. This is why there is only 1 commit and I hope this doesn't affect my score. 

## Name
Lisa Spencer: Professional ReadMe Generator

## Description
This page is the challenge/homework for Week 11 of my Bootcamp course. create a command-line application that dynamically generates a professional README.md file from a user's input using the Inquirer package. When you type 'node index.js' into the command line you are presented with a series of prompts that you will fill in based on information for your README. Once you finish, you will see a message displaying that the README has been generated. You can then locate the README file within the same folder where the 'index.js' file is. 

## Link to Github repository
https://lisaspencer1997.github.io/Professional-ReadMe-Generator/

## Walkthrough Video
[Click here to view the walkthrough video on Vimeo](https://vimeo.com/910240640?share=copy)

## Support
Contact me on lisa-spencer@outlook.com if something is not working as intended.

## Authors and acknowledgment
* https://shields.io/

## License
This is licenced through MIT.

Commit message:

added screenshots for evidence as to why a new repo had to be created

README.md, after:

# Week 11 Challenge: Professional ReadMe Generator

## Project status
Finished project at 00:15am on Tue 5th Feb. NOTE TO GRADER: Could not push due to errors on the command line. I had my TA try and help and they couldn't work out the problem either. It had something to do with a large file size of the walkthrough video that I had initially added to the repo. After seeing the error for the first time, I removed the video and uploaded it to vimeo instead, but the file still seemed to want to be pushed. My TA suggested the only viable option at this point was to create a new repo and clone the content again. This is why there is only 1 commit and I hope this doesn't affect my score. 

Please see the screenshots below for proof of errors. 

![](Screenshot%202024-02-06%20at%2022.01.08.png)
![](Screenshot%202024-02-06%20at%2022.01.18.png)

## Name
Lisa Spencer: Professional ReadMe Generator

## Description
This page is the challenge/homework for Week 11 of my Bootcamp course. create a command-line application that dynamically generates a professional README.md file from a user's input using the Inquirer package. When you type 'node index.js' into the command line you are presented with a series of prompts that you will fill in based on information for your README. Once you finish, you will see a message displaying that the README has been generated. You can then locate the README file within the same folder where the 'index.js' file is. 

## Link to Github repository
https://lisaspencer1997.github.io/readme-generator/

## Walkthrough Video
[Click here to view the walkthrough video on Vimeo](https://vimeo.com/910240640?share=copy)

## Support
Contact me on lisa-spencer@outlook.com if something is not working as intended.

## Authors and acknowledgment
* https://shields.io/

## License
This is licenced through MIT.
